Clarify helm version supported and other minor changes. (#15)
lightbend/cloudflow-docs: docs-source/docs/modules/get-started/pages/setup-gke-cluster.adoc

include::ROOT:partial$include.adoc[]

Detailed instructions on how to install a GKE cluster with Cloudflow are described in the https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/tree/master/installer[Cloudflow installer section] of the GitHub repo.

> To install a new cluster, clone the https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/[repo] in your local system by selecting the latest release branch or download the latest release file from https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/releases[here], go to the `installer/` folder and follow the instructions bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a new cluster, clone the https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/[repo] in your local system by selecting the latest release branch or download the latest release file from https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/releases[here], go to the `installer/` folder and follow the instructions below.
```

> To install a new cluster, clone the https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/[repo] in your local system by selecting the latest release branch or download the latest release file from https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/releases[here], go to the `installer/` folder and follow these instructions shown next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a new cluster, clone the https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/[repo] in your local system by selecting the latest release branch or download the latest release file from https://github.com/lightbend/cloudflow/releases[here], go to the `installer/` folder and follow the instructions below.
```

* Create a GKE cluster with a specific name `./create-cluster-gke.sh <cluster-name>`
* Install Cloudflow in the designated cluster `./install-gke.sh  <cluster-name>`

> NOTE:: This step uses Helm which can be installed from https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install[here]. Currently only Helm 2 is supported while Helm 3 support is WIP.

Reviewer: @skonto I would point them at the V2-specific installation page instead, e.g. https://v2.helm.sh/docs/using_helm/#installing-helm.
